JS
1.scoping in java script
2.hoisting in java script
3.clouser in java script
4.lexican scoping
5.what is the difference b/w == and===
6.what happned if compare two objects with == and === then
7.what is the difference b/w call,apply and bind
8.what is arrow function
9.Higher order function (elevorate more)
10.What is event bubbling
11.Explain event loop
12.What is the use of this keyword in java script
13.Let a=10 and var b=10 then what will be the answere when i compare a===b
14. what is virtual dom in react js
15.what is real dom
16.what is the problem in direct update dome
17.node update by vitual dom and direct update real node in dom
18.what is pure component
19.in acomponent how can i access history,location
20.what is prototype in java script.
21. what is the difference b/w proto and prototype
22.what is controlled and uncontrolled components.
23.how can you compare two objects. suppose i have two objects a and b .i have to compare both of them
   they have contained the same value same keys all the properties inside the objects should be same.
24. java script is single thread or multi thread language
25.explain syncronous and asyncronous.
26.how can i create auto save form. i am typing in a  input field of a form when i stop typing  in input field the form will be submitted automatically. 
27.what is the difference b/w local storage, cookies, session storage.
What is Big O notation, and why is it useful?
What is the DOM?
What is the event loop?
What is a closure?
How does prototypal inheritance work, and how is it different from classical inheritance? (this is not a useful question IMO, but a lot of people like to ask it)
How does this work?
What is event bubbling and how does it work? (this is also a bad question IMO, but a lot of people like to ask it too)
Describe a few ways to communicate between a server and a client. Describe how a few network protocols work at a high level (IP, TCP, HTTP/S/2, UDP, RTC, DNS, etc.)
What is REST, and why do people use it?
My website is slow. Walk me through diagnosing and fixing it. What are some performance optimizations people use, and when should they be used?
What frameworks have you used? What are the pros and cons of each? Why do people use frameworks? What kinds of problems do frameworks solve?

REACT JS
1.what is functional components
0.what is life cycle in react js
1.phases of life cycle
2.lifecycles of mounting, updating and unmount phases
3.suppose you have two components child and patent both component written in unmounting lifecycle
 inwhich sequence unmounting lifecycle will be called.
4.if i will invoke the parent component which constructor will be called first.
5.what is use effect.
6.use effect contains which lifecycles.
7.what is redux architecture and its use
8.can we use multiple stores in redux if yes then how
9.what is the use of redux thunk
10.what is synthetic events
11.what is reff,wrap
12.what is key
13.what is key props (have you ever use key props)
14.what is the use of react router
15.what is react hooks
16.how can we access route related props in react

